			        	  BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY
		
	                     Blockchain , as it is evident from the name it is a chain of blocks where 			       		each block contains certain information and every block is connected 
		with a chain to the next block.
		It is a technology behind cryptocurrency like 'Bitcoin'.

		Blockchain is a decentralised , distributed ledger. This means no one 
		organisation or an institution owns it. It is owned by the public.Blockchains are 		decentralised that is no intermediary is needed due to which time 
		time is also saved during transactions.	

		Every block stores information that is different from each block.That
		means each block is unique. Every block has a 'hash' associated with it
		that differentiates one block from the other. You can understand the 
		hash as a fingerprint which also unique to everybody. Every block carries 
		the hash of the previous block.Any change inside a block causes the hash to change.
		So if a block is tampered with the rest of the the chain of blocks becomes invalid 
		as the information in the block is changed and so is the hash. So if the hacker wants 
		to succesfully penetrate he needs to try and change hash of all blocks so that the chain 
		becomes valid again.That is the main reason why blockchains are secure.

		Can blockchains bring revolutionise the world?
		
		Ans: It can bring a change in some sectors like agricuture . How? Blockchain is a 
		technology where fractional ownership is possible i.e. Ten farmers can own one 
		tractor.

		'Energy' from the rural context. Today power or electricity is a centralised concept
		 which works in cities but not in rural areas. Here power is produced where power is 
		needed , it is possible but not economically viable.There may be some places producing
		excess power and some producing deficit power. In here if you use blockchain and a 
		a littile bit of IOT and link all of these houses with solar panels on them automatically
		excess power is transferred to places with deficit power!
		